It's okay.
Doctor, how is my child?
There is currently no risk of illness
But the loss is severe
Hospital treatment required
Thank you doctor
Have you found the deceased?
Checking waste
I can't find it today. You submit the deceased to me.
It pisses me off.
Let's go see Mengmeng
Mr. Ji, is it convenient for you?
You go back to the ward to accompany Mengmeng first
I'll come back later.
Mr. Ji, I suggest you receive surgery as soon as possible
Doctor, you don't need to persuade
I won't have surgery
Your condition cannot be delayed any longer
One more day of delay is one more day of risk
Compared to death
I'd rather not lose the person I love
Doctors don't have to spend anything
Uh although